# Who we are and what we stand for

Etheregen (Ethereum Regenesis) is a blockchain based cryptocurrency modeled on the Ethereum protocol, in which the genesis block contains **no preallocations of tokens**. We have strong opinions about **governance**, **liberty**, **responsibility** and **fairness**. We are a reactionary cryptocurrency birthed from the turbulent environment generated by TheDAO's unexpected functioning. Welcome home!

## A reason to start anew

The past and unfolding events in the Ethereum community have revealed an interesting power structure. Discussions were a rare commodity, while demagogy and the twisting of meanings were deployed in full force against the community. There were pockets of dissent, as this document attests to, but we were rather badly treated. The very best peek into the Ethereum ruling class was given to us by the Ethereum Foundation itself, whose adherents and members either develop or pay for the development of the popular client `geth`, decided they would settle for a *de facto* **pro-fork** stance, a decision they clumsily made after giving the community 20 hours to cast their vote on the gameable Carbonvote system (see below for an explanation of how it worked). They were not alone in choosing such a default, as the Ethcore team had done so before them. We understand and respect the latter's choice as they are a for-profit entity. Only the Mist wallet decided to give a choice to its users.

This fact alone was the end of Ethereum for us. We could not continue to support a system in which the Foundation entrusted with very large resources to be used for developing and enriching the future of the system could engage and *take a stand* into a political debate. We find this behavior unacceptable.

Etheregen has thus decided not to allocate (premine) resources to an entity such as the Ethereum Foundation. We support all of their efforts in developing the ecosystem. But they have crossed the line and we must part.

### The problem with Carbonvote

The Carbonvote voting contract worked, per its documentation, the following way:

An actor would send a 0-ETH transaction to either one of the YES or NO addresses, thus casting their vote. The contract then calculated the amount of ETH held under each address, the sum over all addresses to be equal to the number of votes FOR or AGAINST. If an actor was to switch sides, they would nullify their vote. But they could vote again by sending the ETH to another address, and sending a new transaction.

This type of vote is exactly what you would expect a publicly traded corporation to partake in: majority shareholders have more votes. Thus we could twist and bend logic in order to get out of this ordeal, or simply assume that, during this episode and in this strict sense, Ethereum effectively *was* a privately owned corporation. Thus the Foundation should have abstained from legitimizing and even *basing their decision upon* such a vote. They did not.
